Question 4
  a. 
    i.  
      Precision is often measured by the standard deviation of a set of values.
    ii. 
      Bias can only be truly determined when a measured quantity is made known by a means which is external 
      from the current situation.  If you were to use internal measures they would have the bias applied and would not
      determine anything
    iii.
      I think of accuracy and precision as different if you imagine a target with a bullseye.  Precise shots
      are repeatedly hitting very close to eachother but not necessarily on the bullseye.  Accurate shots are close to
      the bullseye but not necessarily close to eachother.
    iv.
      The first way you can handle mising data is simply by eliminating either the object with the missing data or
      the entire attribute with missing data from all objects.  With this technique you lose information, information 
      which may be vital to the analysis of the data making your analysis unreliable.  This happens often when there
      is much data missing.
  b.
    i.  
      Advantages for data aggregation include smaller data sets which reduces memory consumption and processing time.  
      This advantage can be very helpful when needing to use an expensive data mining algorithm.  Other advantages are 
      that you can get a higher scoped view of the data and that the data is typically more stable than non-aggregated data.
    ii.
      If the sample has about the same properties as the original set of data then the sample will work almost as well
      as the original data set.
    iii.
      Adaptive/progressive sampling is a technique to effectively sample.  These techniques start with a small sample size
      and then incrementally increase the sample size until the sample is sufficient.
    iv. 
      The curse of dimensionality is when the more attributes/dimensions that the data to be analyzed contains the more difficult
      it is to pull meaningful data out of the set.  For example if your data set is a glass of water and in that glass of water you
      dissolve some sugar, when you add more water to the glass the more difficult it will be to tell that the water has sugar in it.
    v.
      Having knowledge of the domain for which you are developing and extracting features as they are typically highly domain specific.
